everybody pound key here with a pretty
cheesy tutorial so for this tutorial I
feel like recycling some clay so I'm
just gonna take a cube shape of polymer
clay and then just cut it in half with a
rolled out sheet of yellow clay I'm
gonna cover the entire triangle shape
that I've made
me once you have everything covered just
cover up any cracks with any stray
pieces of yellow that you might have but
just make sure everything's nice and
even look
that's some smooth cheese once your
cheese is nice and smooth you want to
take your round ball tool or any other
small objects that you might have that
have a round edge and create different
shapes of holes in your cheese my own
turned out like this it looks pretty
cute next you'll want to take a brown
piece of clay or gray to create your
mouse roll it out into a very small cone
shape and attach it to the surface of
your cheese for the rat's ears take two
small flat circles and attach them to
the top of the head roll out some pink
clay into a rope and attach to the back
for the tail take an eye pin that has
been hooked on the end or has a little
bit of TLS and insert it through one
side of your cheese and wrapped now bake
your rat at the suggested temperature on
the package of your polymer clay
once your charm is baked paint on any
details that you need I'm using a little
bit of pink paint for the ears
and the nose as for the eyes I'm using a
small dot of white paint
lastly glaze your charm I hope you've
enjoyed this tutorial don't forget to
pound the subscribe button and I'll see
you next time with the next tutorial